welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a horror slash
disaster film from 2019 titled crawl
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
at the university of florida hayley
keller competes in a relay swimming
competition
she looks concentrated in the game she
warms herself
up and as soon as her turn comes up she
looks at her opponents on either side
and takes a dive
she barely misses the best time and
comes second suddenly
she remembers a competition she had lost
when she was a kid
she reminisces of her father encouraging
her to keep up her hard work
soon after she receives a call from her
sister beth
who informs her about the imminent
category 5 hurricane wendy that is
approaching florida
beth asks her if she has heard from
their father dave
she tells haley that the whole south
coast has been evacuated but she
suspects that their father might be
still there
haley then asks beth about their
mother's whereabouts beth tells her that
she is in paris
their parents recently got divorced
hayley then tells beth to contact dave
after a while haley drives out of the
town as per the evacuation notice
she calls dave while driving but the
call is not reachable
on her way out of town she encounters
wayne
beth's ex-boyfriend wayne is redirecting
traffic out of town due to the
hurricane's changing course
he shows hayley the direction and tells
her to drive safely
but out of concern for her father haley
suddenly turns the car around and drives
down a small road to find him
hayley then drives to her dave's
apartment it's all windy and stormy
outside
she goes inside the house calls dave but
no one answers
she soon finds his dog sugar she looks
at the trophy she won and remembers her
childhood for a moment
she then calls beth about him not being
in the house haley then suggests that he
might be in their old family house
beth warns her not to go there but haley
takes sugar and drives to the old house
the streets are slowly starting to fill
with water as hayley reaches the old
family house
she sees dave's truck parked outside she
immediately messages beth about finding
his truck
haley gets inside the house and calls
for dave sugar follows her
she looks through the house but finds no
one she then calls dave's phone and
hears a ringtone coming from the kitchen
she finds the phone on the countertop
all of a sudden
a tree branch breaks and shatters the
window sugar starts barking in the
basement
haley goes inside the dark basement with
a flashlight she looks around and hears
rats squeaking
an awful smell fills the basement the
place is all muddy
she hears a radio playing and heads
towards it haley then sees blood marks
on the pipes and when she looks around
she finds dave unconscious
she tries waking him up and notices a
wound on his shoulder that looks like a
bite mark
she then drags him through the basement
trying to get him upstairs
sugar starts barking loudly again when
haley reaches the stairs to the basement
suddenly a large alligator jumps towards
her she pulls dave and herself behind
the pipes for safety
the alligator tries breaking the pipes
but is unable so it retreats
soon after dave regains consciousness
haley squeezes her wet jacket and drops
the water into
dave's mouth dave warns her about the
huge alligator
he tells her that it must have come
through the overflow drainpipe
dave tells her to leave immediately and
he doesn't need her help
she refuses to get back without him he
asks her about the storm and she tells
her that it's gotten pretty bad
dave cries in pain and haley sees that
his leg is broken
dave tells her it broke when the
alligator dragged him suddenly
haley's phone starts vibrating at a
distance she tells dave that she needs
to retrieve the phone and she tries to
get it without being noticed by the
alligator
dave then asks her about her swimming
competition hayley tells him about her
loss but he tells her not to give up now
haley then reaches for her phone and
grabs it but suddenly
she hears the alligator gurgling she
tries calling someone but all of a
sudden a second alligator appears behind
her
she screams and runs towards the pipe
but the gator immediately bites her leg
and drags her towards him
she kicks the animal and frees herself
but another alligator also comes after
her
dave cries haley she attacks one
alligator with a metal box and distracts
him
her phone is broken by the other
alligator she tries running from him and
it follows her
she soon finds a screwdriver and attacks
the other alligator and blinds his one
eye
she stays at one corner quietly while
the blind alligator hisses near her
he slowly goes away dave asks her she is
fine and she answers she is safe and
informs him about the other alligator
haley then looks at the wounds on her
leg and realizes it is pretty bad
she ties her leg with a rope dave also
painfully gets up and manages his wounds
the hurricane starts getting worse the
basement slowly starts filling with
water
dave slowly goes towards hayley she asks
him if he sees the alligators
haley tries to find a way to get help
dave fixes his broken legs with a wrench
and a buckle
meanwhile hayley slowly moves towards a
window opening and sees some people
outside
she cries for help outside at a
supermarket
three people are loading an atm machine
marv
stan and lee are stealing from the
supermarket
hayley flashes her flashlight towards
them stan sees the flashing lights and
comes closer to the house
haley starts her car's alarm as the boy
turns towards his friendly he sees an
alligator attacking her
he cries and tells marv to get off the
water marf hears him and looks outside
and suddenly the alligator's tear stand
apart in front of marv
marvin fear doesn't see the alligators
entering the supermarket and soon he is
also killed by the alligators
inside the basement dave suggests an
idea to get out safely
he says that they cannot go out through
the stairs and asks her to crawl along
the foundation till she reaches the wet
wall
and tells her to push it up to sneak up
inside the house
she yells at him that all the walls are
wet due to the flood dave measures the
water level in the basement
haley finds the floor wall opening
climbs up on a box
and tries to push it open but there is a
drawer above her and she cannot push it
up
soon the storm intensifies the water
level inside the basement increase
dave hears someone outside the house
they hear a police petrol boat outside
both dave and hayley cry for help wayne
and his friend pete come to check up on
hayley and her father
wayne gets inside the home and calls for
hayley haley and dave start making noise
sugar barks at wayne
he hears dave and haley make noise
outside he gets out to take out the
debris from the boat's propeller
wayne finds hayley inside the basement
haley and dave immediately warn him of
the alligators in the basement
wayne calls pete on the radio pete is
suddenly attacked by an alligator and
killed
meanwhile wayne is also grabbed by one
wayne struggles and cries for help
he is eaten alive by the alligator in
front of haley
haley and dave immediately run behind
the pipe bars and are safe
haley cries about not being able to save
wayne she is sure that they both will
die there soon
they then start talking about dave and
his wife's divorce
haley blames herself for the separation
but dave says that it was hayley and
beth who kept them together
he also tells her that her mom deserves
to be happy they both then hug each
other and dave tells her that they are
going to get away from the alligators
and
encourages haley to not lose hope dave
and haley then realize that their only
way out is fighting the alligators
dave tells haley to go first as he
distracts the alligators by hitting the
pipes
haley takes a deep breath and swims
underwater to reach the stairways
as haley swims dave attracts the
alligator towards him
when one alligator comes closer he traps
him under a broken pipe
the trapped alligator struggles to get
out hayley sees another alligator
swimming in front of her and she slowly
moves back
dave hits the trapped alligator with a
shovel multiple times and kills it
haley then tells dave that she cannot
reach the stairway so she is going for
the drainpipe
dave warns her that it's dangerous
because that is where the alligators
entered from
however haley goes towards it anyway
there she finds wayne's dead body and
alligator eggs
some of them have already hatched all of
a sudden an alligator crawls towards her
through the drain pipe
it jumps into the water and swims away
as hilly hides from it
some of the eggs start hatching and baby
alligators start getting out of it
haley sees a gun on wayne's body she
reaches for it but just then an
alligator grabs her hand she shoots the
alligator inside its mouth multiple
times eventually killing it
dave asks her she is okay and she tells
him that she killed the gator
she then moves forward inside the
drainpipe she crawls and swims through
it
she sees another alligator swim right
past in front of her
when it passes she finally gets out of
the drainpipe but suddenly
another alligator follows her she gets
out of the pipe safely and sees a
helicopter pass by
she cries for help but it doesn't notice
her inside the basement
the water level is almost full dave has
difficulty in breathing
he goes by the wall haley pushed earlier
haley tries getting inside the house but
the door is locked
she finds a chair and breaks off the
glass she rushes to the kitchen and
finds a crowbar
she pries open the flooring in the house
dave slowly drowns due to a lack of air
he is unconscious when hayley pulls him
out she pushes his chest and gives him
cpr
she hits his chest hard when he suddenly
barfs out all the water he swallowed
he gains his consciousness back hayley
hugs him
they struggle to get outside due to
their injured leg they locate a petrol
boat and also see many alligators
swimming outside the house
dave then tells haley that the
alligators hunt in the floodwater
hearing for splashes
he suggests they make no splashes to get
out of there unnoticed by the alligators
they grab their dog sugar and slowly
walk outside in the flood water
the flood level increases and the
storm's eye is just above them
the emergency alarm starts blaring dave
tells hayley to quickly swim to the boat
hayley dives and swims as the alligators
follow her she gets to the boat safely
and brings it to dave and sugar
but all of a sudden the flood level
rises and it pushes the boat
back inside the house they struggle in
the flood water
haley gets out of the water and stands
on the kitchen countertop
dave is forced by the flood water inside
and he tells haley to meet him at the
stairs
haley soon finds a radio floating in the
water meanwhile
dave reaches the stairs and finds some
flares haley gets on the upside boat and
gets the radio
she calls for help and informs about the
alligator but no one responds
dave lights a flare and gets sugar to
come towards him but a gator attacks
them
the alligator bites off dave's hand
hayley comes to him but as soon as she
sees the alligator she swims away and
locks herself in the bathroom
then she opens the door and jumps above
it trapping the alligator inside the
bathroom
haley and dave reunite and climb above
the stairs hayley opens a hatch to the
roof
they soon see a rescue helicopter dave
heads to the roof while another
alligator attacks hayley and grabs her
haley remembers her childhood days she
immediately grants the flare and burns
the alligator freeing herself
she then gets to the roof still
struggling with the alligator
she and dave lay on the roof as a
helicopter comes near
using a road flare she found hayley uses
it to signal it toward them
it works and the people in the
helicopter lower something to pull them
up to safety
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
you